hi this is robin moses and i'm doing a
tutorial for summer so I it's a summer
rainbow I have this green that I got at
ross and then I'm of the color I have a
z6 sassy yellow for my sassy mammy and I
have wet and wild fast dry and I don't
know the color is 90 to 1 orange and
then I have a z3 spring pink and then I
have another one from Ross that I don't
know the color that's like a purple and
then i have the OPI blue and somebody
named it another video and i don't know
what it's called ok so i'm starting out
and the z colors have a striper brush
already in them but the i'm using a
striper brush for my other polishes so
how I'm going to start this is I am
going to take my striping brush boom hmm
open up my polish take my color and
excuse me and then stripe down like this
halfway or so like that then I'm going
to go to my next polish open it ok take
my striping brush go through there and
make like a blue blue purple color and
then half the magenta show so I'm
basically creating like a middle color
right there let me scroll down ah so
because I had to show you what my
striping brush was doing in the polish
because i do not use paint in this video
not yet i'm using all polish for right
now ok so I'm going halfway through with
the UM with the magenta now i'm going in
with the bright pink ok now it comes
with a striper brush so i just go right
in with that and that's very handy and i
get all my seed products from miss miss
professional nail and her fan page is on
my facebook so you can go there and
order all these colors if you want them
very nice people ok so i go from there
then I go with my orange now my orange
is a regular polish so I go back in with
my striping brush
go over the orange like that just making
little bits like this I really like this
this shiny of this orange but i can't
i'm going to do more so i'm going to go
a little bit more into this cut this one
because you're going to see why okay now
with the z1 this is the yellow z i'm
going to go in with the yellow create
the rainbow here okay but then i want to
create the rainbow here as well so i'm
going to go through ah through here and
then all the way across so it's going to
look like orange like that okay now i
might go back in with my striping brush
and orange stripe again then ah look at
i made a mess you saw it
okay then with a yellow go like this
Robin why don't you paint your nails up
because I do stuff like this I do in a
row uh-huh yeah all the time too much to
even show on film yesterday I have blue
all over my forehead and artist Robin
you have something blue on your front on
the key huh and that's my makeup today
blue got its original there's okay and
I'm back and now I have the best blue
ever on all the nails and it is swiped
like this on all of them I did it about
half strength half water half glue and
now I have all of a nauseas pigments out
here this one's it's a purple and it's
called essence this one is the pink and
it's called Majoris only i call it major
ass cause it looks major okay this one
is yellow and it is called as Yura glam
and this one is orange and it's called a
penny wise clamp I knew that this this
one is like one of my favorites and it's
called a great fairy glam whores haha
Mami's a fairy a fairy and then this one
is mad hatter I don't have to look at
that one love mad hatter this one is the
new one that she just gave me and it's
called thigh are za by Rosa fire Rosa
glam and I think she names him hard on
purpose so that I have to say it on
camera ah there you go rob and say that
okay so i'm going to take my brush it's
my pink brush and I'm going to go into
the glitters and I'm going to stripe
through and just hit the glint hit the
glitter where the glue is and I don't
want a ton of glitter on each nail just
a little bit ok that's why I only put a
little tiny bit of glitter a glue on
these nails because they're just going
to hit
tiny bit it's going to make them look
multi-dimensional but just not all all
all glitter I don't want all glitter
nails on this one so go it in pink and
with the pink over here just kind of
push it on then here is the orange I
will have to say the smaller cut
glitters the penny wise and the Mad
Hatter is they really stick better but
where the thicker glitter does stick
it's more shinier so each one has its
like better points and worst points
depending on what you want to do if you
want to do small work then i would use
definitely Pennywise ah ok now with
black I'm going to go in and do little
tiny triangles and just go ride across
the center ok and we are back with the
finished product let me scroll down so
you guys can see them they're so so
bright and pretty and I hope that you
get the the fluorescent of these of
these nails cuz they're really super
pretty anyways I upload every Monday
Wednesday and Friday so please um spread
the word and Pinterest them and tumble
them and show me at my nail fan page
robin moses fan page at facebook and i
will see you back with more everybody
say bye bye